one euro to mantua todo a Ducati tour
otaku Dawa trim day engine dos de
bourree car no cotton they even have
some a Texas Tech city pang tango tango
tango boom Oh Tessa what the who
perseveres Alonso missile honey oh yeah
you me
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
yogamaya
I'm learning
[Music]
[Applause]
to kill me okay Tony
to kill me oh yeah tada oh it's nice
neck is nicely yaad aati star the hip
feeling is neck-deep using a song will
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh sue room kids room audio yollie
oh oh no audio yet although young you
know an ego you go up trailer was not a
man to be accorded
sudden money training day so days out in
Yonge Street house in your audio is a
little bit on going around and alien day
he be a veto me pony or Zoe be drama so
the atoms are Oh crazy haha
Jinwoon the world we all die on a need a
toy on a in the very she job we all knew
it when you talk to uncle Reggie
[Laughter]
[Music]
hmm
[Laughter]
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
oh don't I go yo whose nail you want no
more tune tune opening right here we are
dad want anjineya
would you owe you some water
hi swimmer
[Music]
oh yeah photo I know yeah I never do not
kneel to you
[Music]